Do you ever struggle as a Technical Writer, and wonder how things could get easier? 

Though Technical Writing isn’t a well known profession, outside of Tech, to those of us working in the tech industry, it is no secret that Technical Writing is an entirely different species of skill. It can be one of the most difficult types of writing you can do, as it often requires understanding of some softwares and programming languages & frameworks. 

As a result, writers in this field face many challenges that can make the process of producing clear and concise content even harder. This can cause problems such as poor user experience for writers, inconsistencies in documentation, and poor Search Engine Optimization(SEO). 

Thankfully, technical writing has become such a widely popular profession and necessity among software solutions companies, that several different resources and tools were created to  overcome those challenges and allow the production of content much easier, faster, and maintainable.

As social media matured throughout the 2010s, I observed a dynamic interplay between the emerging technology and our socio-religious world. I watched as moral communities formed into competing networks that used media to reify their worldviews and proselytise with an escalating fervour. A particular moral community emerged as the dominant force and began seizing ground within the institutions associated with my film and television work. I got to work tracing their unfamiliar language and concepts to the source and ended up in the identity studies departments of universities in Melbourne, Australia.

I sat in on lectures and met with scholars to learn more about their unfamiliar worldview and specialised terms like "cis heteropatriarchy," "decolonization," and "intersectionality." Later, I stumbled into a vast network of academics and intellectuals who were critical of these departments and shared my concerns about their creeping authoritarianism. I took to calling this network the “intellectual underground,” and started corresponding with like-minded members from around the world.

I learned of a decades-long seizure of the educational establishment by the identitarians and how they were teaching students a radical set of social theories and new forms of media activism. For years the doctrines associated with these theories had been guiding an ever-expanding bureaucracy inside the university system and now far beyond.